Virtual Voice Assistant- DODO
Python based project
By:
	Abhinav Gupta 0061
	Komal Singh Shekhawat 0075
	Nitesh Kandpal 0219
Libraries used:
	pyttsx3- pip install pyttsx3
	datetime- in-built and pre-installed
	speech_recognition- pip install SpeechRecognition
	random- in-built and pre-installed
	wikipedia- pip install wikipedia
	pywhatkit- pip install pywhatkit
	tkinter- pip install tk

pyttsx3:
Text-to-speech conversion library in Python.
engine.setProperty('rate',180): setting up new voice rate
engine.setProperty('volume',1.0): setting up new voice volume
engine.setProperty('voice', voices[1].id): changing index, changes voices. 0 for male and 1 for female

datetime:
Classes to work with date and time.
These classes provide a number of functions to deal with dates, times and time intervals.
Date and datetime are an object in Python, so when you manipulate them,
you are actually manipulating objects and not string or timestamps.

speech_recognition:
An important feature in several applications used such as home automation, artificial intelligence, etc.
Mainly used to access external input through speech using microphones with th help of PyAudio.

random:
It helps to choose a random entity from a collection of entities irrespective of their sequence.

wikipedia:
Multilingual online encyclopedia created and maintained as an open collaboration project 
by a community of volunteer editors using a wiki-based editing system.
In this article, we will see how to use Python’s Wikipedia module to fetch a variety of 
information from the Wikipedia website.

pywhatkit:
Following are some features of pywhatkit module:
Send WhatsApp messages.
Play a YouTube video.
Perform a Google Search.
Get information on a particular topic.

tkinter:
Python interface to the Tk GUI toolkit shipped with Python.
standard GUI library for Python.
Python when combined with Tkinter provides a fast and easy way to create GUI applications.
Tkinter provides a powerful object-oriented interface to the Tk GUI toolkit.

Functions avialable in or project for now:
1)Ask questions
2)Ask to search your query on web
3)Ask to stream youtube videos
4)Send whatsapp messages to friends
5)Crack jokes